<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_glc_m3f_tz">
    <title>Group Classes Offered</title>
    <shortdesc>We offer over 100 classes a week - everything from bootcamp and spin to yoga and BODYPUMP.  We're sure you'll find a class you love that works with your schedule.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Everyone can try one free group exercise class every 365 days so find one you want to check out. Also keep an eye out for Free Week of Fitness at the beginning of each semester and during exam weeks at the end of the semester.</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Barre Fitness</dt>
                    <dd>Barre Fitness is a fusion of fitness and dance. This format uses ballet moves and other exercises to help you get a well-rounded toning workout!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYATTACK</dt>
                    <dd>BODYATTACK is the sports-inspired cardio workout for building strength and stamina. This high-energy interval training class combines athletic aerobic movements with strength and stabilization exercises.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, speed + agility, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYCOMBAT</dt>
                    <dd>BODYCOMBAT is an empowering cardio workout that is inspired by martial arts. It draws from a wide array of disciplines such as karate, boxing, taekwondo, tai chi and muay thai.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, speed + agility, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYFLOW</dt>
                    <dd>BODYFLOW is the Yoga, Tai Chi, and Pilates workout that builds flexibility and strength and leaves you feeling centered and calm. Controlled breathing, concentration and a carefully structured series of stretches, moves and poses to music create a holistic workout that brings the body into a state of harmony and balance.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYJAM</dt>
                    <dd>BODYJAM is the cardio workout where you are free to enjoy the sensation of dance. An addictive fusion of the latest dance styles and hottest new sounds puts the emphasis on having fun and breaking a sweat. Instructors teach you to move with attitude through this 55-minute class.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, dance, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYPUMP</dt>
                    <dd>BODYPUMP is the original barbell class that strengthens your entire body. This 60-minute workout challenges all your major muscle groups one song at a time by using the best weight-room exercises like squats, presses, lifts and curls.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Strength + sculpting, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>BODYSTEP</dt>
                    <dd>BODYSTEP is the energizing step workout that makes you feel liberated and alive. This workout uses a height-adjustable step and simple movements on, over and around the step. Cardio blocks push fat burning systems into high gear followed by muscle conditioning tracks that shape and tone your body.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Boot Camp</dt>
                    <dd>Boot Camp is a challenging workout that uses a variety of cardio, strength training, plyometrics, TABATA training, circuits, stations, calisthenics, and bodyweight exercises to create the ultimate total body workout.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cariod, speed + agility, strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Club Cycle</dt>
                    <dd>Club Cycle is an unbeatable hour in Spin City spent riding through intervals, over hills, and completing varying cycling exercises to the latest and greatest EDM (Electronic Dance Music) and House music. Don’t miss out on this extra, extra amped up cycle class!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, cycling</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Club Zumba</dt>
                    <dd>Club Zumba puts athletic, but fun dance moves to a playlist made up of hip-hop, electronic dance, and hit music. The music motivates and energizes participants through easy-to-follow choreography that occasionally incorporates strength movements like squats, lunges, and planks. This cardio workout is guaranteed to challenge you, make you sweat, and give you confidence.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, dance</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>CXWORX</dt>
                    <dd>CXWORX is a 30-minute core workout that uses resistance tubes, weight plates, and body weight exercises (like crunches and hovers). It also includes some hip, butt, and lower back exercises.</dd>
                    <dd> Category: Strength + sculpting, Les Mills</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Cycle</dt>
                    <dd>Cycle is the ultimate indoor cycle workout where you do intervals, climb hills, and sprint just like a real bike ride. Have fun with this intense workout that is sure to get your heart pumping and legs burning. All cycle classes are taught in our black light cycle studio - Spin City!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, cycling</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deep Water Fitness</dt>
                    <dd>Deep Water Fitness is a high-energy aqua class with low impact moves. Deep Water Fitness uses the pool to get a great workout without having to swim laps. Tread water, do drills, and use water weights to work your body and gain more muscular endurance and strength. This class is challenging, but accommodating for all fitness levels!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Aqua, cardio, strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>GBT (Guts, Butts, Thighs)</dt>
                    <dd>GBT (Guts, Butts, Thighs) is a class that focuses on your lower body! Sculpt, shape, and strengthen your core, glutes, quads, hamstrings and calves in this 45-minute workout. Various exercises, equipment, and techniques will be used.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Hatha Yoga</dt>
                    <dd>Hatha Yoga focuses on strength, balance and flexibility through a variety of asanas (postures) and pranayama (breath work) along with a meditative or reflective component.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>HIIT</dt>
                    <dd>HIIT is a popular fitness trend that stands for High Intensity Interval Training which focuses on working hard for short periods of time. Our instructors will challenge and motivate you through a tough 30-minute workout using various equipment and bodyweight that is sure to make you sweat and feel great! Modifications for all fitness levels are provided.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, speed + agility, strenght + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Pedal N Pilates</dt>
                    <dd>Pedal N Pilates is an hour-long fitness class that begins with a 30-minute cycle workout in Spin City then moves to the fitness studio for 30 minutes of Pilates, which builds strength and endurance of your core and total body by incorporating fluid floor work exercises designed to develop a strong foundation!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, cycling, mind + body, strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Pedal N Pump</dt>
                    <dd>Pedal N Pump offers you two workouts in the time of one! Follow our instructors through a vigorous 30-minute cycle class, then move to the studio for a 30-minute lifting session that will help strengthen and sculpt your body.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cycling, strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Pilates</dt>
                    <dd>Pilates will help focus your mind and body. Classes focus on stretching and elongating your spine while strengthening your core. Build strength, flexibility, stability, balance, and coordination with mat series, stretching, and other exercises in this class! Pilates is a great way to get your workout in while you unwind from a long day!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body, strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Power Yoga</dt>
                    <dd>Power Yoga is a faster, strength-based yoga class that flows through many poses.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Super Abs</dt>
                    <dd>Super Abs is a 30-minute class focused on strengthening your entire core including abs, obliques and lower back! This class uses different exercises, equipment, and techniques to sculpt your core and improve balance and coordination.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Strength + sculpting</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Tai Chi</dt>
                    <dd>Tai Chi uses series of movements performed in a slow and focused manner with deep breathing to relax the mind and focus the body.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Yin Yoga</dt>
                    <dd>Yin Yoga is a calm and relaxing class that focuses on stretching the deep connective tissue in the joints and lengthening the time spent in each pose.</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Yoga</dt>
                    <dd>Yoga is a class that aids with getting in touch with your mind and body! Focus on stretching out your body and mastering poses in this 60-minute workout. Our instructors will help you realign your mind and work your body all at the same time. (Xtended classes are 90 minutes)</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Mind + body</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Zumba</dt>
                    <dd>Zumba is the original dance-fitness party that features exotic rhythms set mostly to Latin and international beats. It’s easy to do, effective and totally exhilarating!</dd>
                    <dd>Category: Cardio, dance</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
