<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_a5r_5zd_tz">
    <title>Jobs for Students</title>
    <shortdesc>There are plenty of opportunities for students to get involved in recreational sports. Positions are offered ranging from instructing classes to marketing and supervising. Explore the options to find your best fit! </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Current Jobs Available</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Assessment Project Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>The Assessment Project Supervisor provides assistance to the Wellness Coordinator, Department of Recreational Sports, and programs, to plan, implement, and use assessment of student learning to improve educational quality. Projects will include assessment of satisfaction, usage, bench marking, needs assessment, and student learning.</dd>
                    <dd>This position is only open to current VT Fitness Employees at Virginia Tech
                        Rec Sports. Any other applications will not be considered. Application must
                        consist of:<ul id="ul_wmr_kk2_tz">
                            <li>Resume</li>
                            <li>Cover Letter</li>
                            <li>References</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Dance Instuctor</dt>
                    <dd>Dance instructors will be responsible for teaching a weekly instructional class for Virginia Tech students and faculty/staff. We strive to provide educational, accurate, and fun classes to both beginners and veteran dancers. We are looking for enthusiastic, organized, creative, and knowledgeable instructors to lead these students through basic technique, form, choreography, and background in a specialized format (i.e., ballet, hip-hop, latin ballroom, modern, jazz, etc.).</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Facilities</dt>
                    <dd>All employees are trained to work in all of these areas. Actual work
                        assignments are determined when scheduling. (See below for more info).<ul
                            id="ul_zl3_cl2_tz">
                            <li>Customer Service/Equipment Staff ($8.50/hour)<ul id="ul_p2r_ml2_tz">
                                    <li>Provide customer service and assistance to patrons of the
                                        facility. Check patrons into facilities and provide
                                        information on facility services, rules, and regulations.
                                        Issue equipment, take court reservations, rent lockers and
                                        provide towel service. Work as a team with other facility
                                        employees to ensure the operation of a safe, clean, and fun
                                        facility. Respond to incidents and accidents in the
                                        facility.</li>
                                </ul></li>
                            <li>Weight Room Staff ($8.50/hour)<ul id="ul_nk2_bm2_tz">
                                <li>Provide assistance and information to patrons utilizing weight room and equipment. Ensure safety and cleanliness of weight room and equipment. Work as a team with other facility employees to ensure the operation of a safe, clean, and fun facility. Respond to incidents and accidents in the weight room and as needed in the facility.</li>
                                </ul></li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Facility Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>This is a supervisory position that requires effective communication and leadership skills. As a facility supervisor, you will assume a great deal of responsibility. The employees that you supervise will recognize you as part of the administrative staff within Recreational Sports. You will be entrusted to monitor and supervise the recreational facilities and employees in the absence of department management.</dd>
                    <dd>Your primary responsibility will be to ensure that the facilities are operating in a safe, efficient manner. Employees and patrons alike will look upon you as the person in charge. Please consider yourself as a role model to all of our facility employees. Hold yourself responsible for your own actions and the actions of the employees you supervise. Doing so is not only important for the success of the department, but can also develop into life long skills for you in your professional career.</dd>
                    <dd>To be a facility supervisor, you must meet the following qualifications:<ul
                            id="ul_akd_mm2_tz">
                        <li>Have a thorough knowledge of policies and procedures.</li>
                        <li>Know all information provided to you by management.</li>
                        <li>Have been trained in CPR/AED, First Aid and BBP.</li>
                        <li>Be familiar with the job description of other facility employee.</li>
                        <li>Provide extra commitment.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Fitness Administrative Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>Under the guidance of the Graduate Assistant of Fitness, the Fitness
                        Administrative Supervisor provides leadership to the Fitness Leadership
                        Team, serves as an active leader for all Fitness related special events,
                        assists with facilitating and staffing the youth instructional gymnastic
                        program, ensuring the instructional staff is following policies and
                        procedures, assists with all fitness related assessment projects, delivers
                        an excellent customer service experience to all clientele, and supports the
                        vision and mission of the Department of Recreational Sports and the VT
                        Fitness program.<ul id="ul_fx4_zm2_tz">
                            <li>Primary Responsibilities:<ul id="ul_jzf_bn2_tz">
                                <li>Maintains office hours (10 hours/week)</li>
                                <li>Acts as an engaged member of the Fitness Leadership Team by participating in weekly team meetings and a bi-weekly 1:1 meeting with the Fitness GA, Fitness Coordinator, and/or Assistant Director</li>
                                <li>Acts as an active leader for special and promotional events such as the following: GobblerFest, University Bookstore Homecoming 5K, Sport Club Combine, Party in Pink Zumba, WellFest, Bench Press Competition, Partner Yoga, Broga, 3.2 Run in Remembrance</li>
                                <li>Develops Special Event Order (SEO) and communications all reservations, needs, and requirements to appropriate staff through the Rec Sports department</li>
                                <li>Communicates with the Assessment team to develop evaluation tool to provide follow up and suggestions for all areas of fitness.</li>
                                <li>Assist in supervising the instructional staff by ensuring policy compliance and documenting staff performance</li>
                                <li>Provides leadership in all current fitness incentive programming and assists area supervisors during implementation of each program.</li>
                                <li>Evaluates, researches, implements, and recommends changes to current and future incentive programs for participants and staff on a monthly basis.</li>
                                </ul></li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Fitness Assistant</dt>
                    <dd>Assist in the execution of the group exercise program by ensuring all registered pass holders gain entrance into group exercise classes in a safe/orderly fashion. The Fitness Assistant will supply excellent customer service skills to all gym patrons and be readily available with knowledge on the different fitness classes offered.  The Fitness Assistant will be available to assit the instructor with class set up and will also complete shift duties to help keep our closets and equipment neat and orderly. All Fitness Assitants that work 5+ shifts per week will qualify for a free VIP fitness pass (Full Group Exercise pass and towel service).</dd>
                    <dd>Requirements: Excellent communication skills. CPR/AED, First Aid, and Blood Borne Pathogens Training certification within 45 days of hire.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Front Office Attendant</dt>
                    <dd>The front office assistant position consists of: customer service - answering questions about the department and the programs we offer; making registration payments for all of our programs and entering the payment information into our database system; answering the phone, copying, and filing; cleaning out our files from the previous semester or year.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Graphic Designer - Marketing</dt>
                    <dd>Virginia Tech Recreational Sports is now hiring passionate students to join our energetic staff and lively environment.  We are looking for talented, creative, and responsible graphic designers to help create lively posters, flyers, and ads for our various programs (aquatics, intramural sports, fitness, open recreation, sports clubs, Venture Out) and special events. Graphic designers will help market our various programs and occasionally assist with special events.</dd>
                    <dd>This is a paid position that offers valuable experience as well as great
                        resume and portfolio building potential. We are looking for applicants who
                            have:<ul id="ul_v2l_342_tz">
                                <li>Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, etc.)</li>
                                <li>Ability to multi-task.</li>
                                <li>Availability to work weekly office hours and some weekends and evening for special events.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Groundskeeper</dt>
                    <dd>This position helps prepare the fields for the Virginia Tech sport club and intramural programs. Applicants should have some turf and grounds management experience and should be able to complete all work in an efficient manner. Applicants are asked to be able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds. Work hours are flexible around student’s schedules.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Group Exercise Instructor</dt>
                    <dd>Group exercise instructors are responsible for teaching safe and effective workouts to the patrons of Virginia Tech to provide a fun, stress reducing, and physically challenging experience. Instructors will educate participants and promote fitness through quality instruction and teaching accurate information. Group X instructors will practice and enhance excellent time management skills, communication and professionalism.</dd>
                    <dd>Requirements:<ul id="ul_v1q_1p2_tz">
                        <li>National Group Exercise Instructor Certification (ACE, AFAA, ACSM, etc.) or successful completion of HNFE 2254 OR Specialty Certification (Zumba, BODYJAM, BODYATTACK, BODYCOMBAT, CXWORX, BODYPUMP, BODYSTEP, SPINNING, Keiser M3 Cycling, Martial Arts/Ring Side Boxing, Rowing, etc.)</li>
                        <li>CPR/AED, First Aid, and Blood Borne Pathogens Training </li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Group Exercise Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>Under the direction of the Graduate Assistant for Fitness and Fitness Coordinator, the Group Exercise Supervisor provides leadership to the group exercise program and instructors. The job responsibilities include  the management of the Group Exercise schedule (including When2Work, managing the google calendar, managing all sub requests), the management of Check-In and all class headcounts, lead and coordinate the Group Exercise Evaluation Committee, and to deliver an excellent customer service experience to all clientele, while supporting the vision and mission of the Department of Recreational Sports and the VT Fitness Program.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Gymnastics Instructor</dt>
                    <dd>Gymnastic instructors will be responsible for teaching children between the ages of 18 months and 10 years old in gymnastics skills. We are looking for enthusiastic and organized individuals with knowledge of basic gymnastics skills who possess the ability to give quality instruction to children. An ideal candidate would have at least six months of experience with gymnastic skills or tumbling and be familiar with youth gymnastics instruction.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Health + Safety Instuctor</dt>
                    <dd>Health + safety instructors provide the knowledge and skills to prevent, recognize and respond to emergencies and to provide care for breathing and cardiac emergencies, injuries and sudden illnesses until emergency medical services personnel take over. We are looking for individuals who are able to contribute to an effective learning environment.  An ideal candidate would have an Instructor certification. Opportunities for advancement within the program are available.</dd>
                    <dd>Required Certifications:<ul id="ul_cdg_vp2_tz">
                        <li>American Red Cross Lifeguard Instructor</li>
                        <li>American Red Cross Lay Responder Instructor</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Instructional Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>The Instructional Supervisor will be directly responsible for facilitating and staffing the youth instructional gymnastic program, ensuring the instructional staff is following policies and procedures, and performing according to performance expectations. The Instructional Supervisor will report to the Fitness Graduate Assistant and Fitness Coordinator and will be part of the Fitness Leadership Team.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Internship/Field Study</dt>
                    <dd>The Department of Recreational Sports offers practicum/field study opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students to earn academic credit.</dd>
                    <dd>These areas include:<ul id="ul_dvs_5cf_tz">
                           <li>Special Events</li>
                           <li>Fitness</li>
                           <li>Research/Assessment</li>
                           <li>Weight Lifting TA</li>
                           <li>Exercise Leadership TA</li>
                           <li>Wellness</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                    <dd>Other areas of specialization may be available as requested and needed. Applicants can receive 1-6 academic credits while working 3-10 flexible hours per week.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Intramural Sports Official</dt>
                    <dd>Every year, the Intramural Sports program hires 200+ student officials for 7+ team sport activities.  Officials' responsibilities include but are not limited to: officiating team sport activities, ensuring the safety of participants through use of proper officiating mechanics and rules, and assisting with site and equipment management.  No qualifications or skills are required and no experience is necessary.  You will be provided with the training needed to officiate intramural contests from highly trained and skilled staff.</dd>
                    <dd>Hiring Expectations: All intramural officials are required to complete all payroll requirements in a timely manner. Visit"Employment Packets" to view the necessary paperwork.  Additionally, officials must attend each night of training for the sport they wish to officiate (typically 4-5 nights; employees are compensated for this time). Finally, all employees must complete a Title IX and Retaliation training prior to working.</dd>
                    <dd>Additionally:<ul id="ul_ht1_qdf_tz">
                        <li>Starting pay rate is $9.75/hour.</li>
                        <li>Officiating apparel and equipment provided.</li>
                        <li>We do not prohibit staff from participating in intramural sports.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Intramural Sports Scorekeeper</dt>
                    <dd>Every year, the Intramural Sports program hires 30+ student scorekeepers for 10+ team sport activities. Scorekeeper responsibilities include but are not limited to: game administration, administering intramural policies, assisting with site and equipment management, and ensuring the safety of participants by serving as a first responder to injuries.  No qualifications or skills are required and no experience is necessary.</dd>
                    <dd>Additionally:<ul id="ul_g1g_d2f_tz">
                            <li>Starting pay rate is $8.50/hour.</li>
                            <li>Officiating apparel and equipment provided.</li>
                            <li>We do not prohibit staff from participating in intramural sports.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Lifeguard</dt>
                    <dd>As a Recreational Sport lifeguard, your primary responsibility is for the safety of anyone using the aquatics centers.  Responsibilities include supervising all swimmers through proper scanning, consistent rule enforcement, prevention of accidents and injuries as well as providing emergency intervention when needed.  In addition, lifeguards will provide individual assistance to members as needed.</dd>
                    <dd>Applicants must demonstrate proficiency and the ability to execute the
                        following tests:<ul id="ul_lcl_m2f_tz">
                            <li>Swim 300 yards non-stop only using front crawl and breaststroke.</li>
                            <li>Brick retrieval in deep water.</li>
                            <li>Tread water for 2 minutes without the use of hands.</li>
                            <li>Perform all American Red Cross Lifeguard, First Aid, CPR and AED skills.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Marketing Assistant</dt>
                    <dd>The Recreational Sports Marketing Team is a group of students motivated to help Hokies find their movement. Members of the team will help promote the six areas of Recreational Sports – aquatics, fitness + wellness, intramural sports, sport clubs, open recreation, and outdoor recreation (Venture Out) – with the goal of getting our campus moving. Team members will come up with creative and innovative ways to inform students about the programs, events, and services offered by Recreational Sports. The team will represent the department at special events, becoming the voice of Recreational Sports.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Personal Trainer</dt>
                    <dd>Personal trainers are responsible for conducting fitness assessments and developing individualized fitness programs for Virginia Tech patrons. Trainers will design effective workouts to lead clients toward their fitness goals while inspiring lasting healthy lifestyle choices for each individual. Trainers will practice and enhance excellent time management skills, communication, creativity and professionalism.</dd>
                    <dd>Requirements: (Must meet all in order to apply)<ul id="ul_wgz_2ff_tz">
                        <li>National Personal Training Certification (ACE, ACSM, NASM, NSCA, etc)</li>
                        <li>CPR/AED, First Aid, and Blood Borne Pathogens Training</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Personal Training Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>Under the guidance of the Graduate Assistant of Fitness, the Personal Training Supervisor provides leadership to the personal training staff, coordinates client/trainer pairings, delivers an excellent customer service experience to all clientele, and supports the vision and mission of the Department of Recreational Sports and the VT Fitness program.</dd>
                    <dd>This position is only open to current personal trainers at Virginia Tech Recreational Sports. Any other applications will not be considered.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Small Group Coach</dt>
                    <dd>Small group coaches are responsible for leading small groups of 3-12 participants in a specialized format for Virginia Tech. Coaches will effectively work with their groups in a progressive format that works on performance improvement, corrective form, and specialized education. Coaches are also responsible for promoting and marketing their classes and all classes must have a minimum of 3 people signed up in order to have it go. In addition, all fitness staff must attend mandatory trainings, participate in evaluations, and maintain professionalism in all aspects of the position.</dd>
                    <dd>Requirements: (Must meet all in order to apply)<ul id="ul_fth_qff_tz">
                        <li>Nationally recognized specialty certification (i.e., TRX, CrossFit, GRIT, P90X, Insanity, etc.)</li>
                        <li>Red Cross CPR/AED and First Aid</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Small Group Training Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>Under the guidance of the Fitness Graduate Assistant and Fitness Coordinator, the small group training supervisor provides leadership to the small group coaches, coordinates assigned special events, delivers an excellent customer service experience to all clientele, and supports the vision and mission of the Department of Recreational Sports and the titness program.</dd>
                    <dd>This position is only open to current small group coaches and/or personal trainers with Virginia Tech Recreational Sports. Any other applications will not be considered.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Sport Club Supervisor</dt>
                    <dd>Sport Club supervisors are individuals who supervise evening and weekend sport club events, including games, practices and tournaments. They are also expected to work administrative hours in the Sport Club office during daytime hours that the office is open.  The supervisors will create and promote a positive and professional relationship between sport club teams, visiting teams, coaches, and university administration. Supervisors should exhibit a high level of energy and a positive attitude.  They are expected to be hardworking individuals who have solid knowledge of sports and an ability to interact with a wide variety of individuals in sports settings. The position reports directly to the Sport Club Coordinator.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Swim Instructor</dt>
                    <dd>As a swim instructor, your primary responsibility is for the safety of the participants in your swimming lessons.  Responsibilities include planning lessons, presenting role model behavior, prevention of accidents and injuries as well as following emergency action plans when needed.  In addition, swim instructors will provide individual feedback to participants and/or guardians regularly.</dd>
                    <dd>Applicants must demonstrate proficiency and the ability to execute the
                        following tests:<ul id="ul_l5j_fgf_tz">
                            <li>Swim 25 yards in front crawl, back crawl, breast stroke, elementary backstroke, and side stroke.</li>
                            <li>Swim 15 yards in butterfly.</li>
                            <li>Perform all American Red Cross Water Safety skills.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Videographer - Marketing</dt>
                    <dd>The Recreational Sports Marketing Team is hiring a enthusiastic and creative videographer. The videographer will work with the rest of the team to help promote the six areas of Recreational Sports – aquatics, fitness + wellness, intramural sports, sport clubs, open recreation, and outdoor recreation (Venture Out) – with the goal of getting our campus moving. The videographer will come up with creative and innovative ways to present and promote the programs, events, and services offered by Recreational Sports. The goal of the videographer is to generate excitement around Recreational Sports.</dd>
                    <dd>Minimum qualifications and requirements:<ul id="ul_xqf_qgf_tz">
                        <li>Proficient in video recording and camera operation; including sound operation.</li>
                        <li>Proficient in video editing (Adobe Premiere, Final Cut, etc)</li>
                        <li>Excited about working for Recreational Sports.</li>
                        <li>Have a basic understanding of what Recreational Sports does.</li>
                        </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Social Media Manager - Marketing</dt>
                    <dd>The Recreational Sports Marketing Team is hiring a passionate and talented social media manager. The social media manager will work with the rest of the team to help promote the six areas of Recreational Sports – aquatics, fitness + wellness, intramural sports, sport clubs, open recreation, and outdoor recreation (Venture Out) – with the goal of getting our campus moving. The social media manager will come up with creative and innovative ways to reach students to inform them about the programs, events, and services offered by Recreational Sports. The social media manager will come up with plans to cover Recreational Sports events. The goal of the social media manager is to increase likes and followers, increase engagement, and reach students currently not engaged with Recreational Sports on social media.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
